README.md, before:

# Side projects
Just lil' pointless things, mostly scripts that are too useless to be on [script.sd](https://github.com/matthmr/script.sd) (check it out, by the way).

## ffl
[unit](#unit) integration with [fzf](https://github.com/junegunn/fzf).

## orx
[clipmenu](https://github.com/cdown/clipmenu) integration with [xbindkeys](git://git.savannah.nongnu.org/xbindkeys.git/).
This was created because [X11](https://x.org/wiki) clears the clipboard when a window closes. This is **extremely** frustating (although being the intended behaviour) for tiling window manager users such as myself.
### Installation and usage:
- put `orx` into a `$PATH` directory (/usr/local/bin, for example).
- copy the contents of `orx.xbindkeysrc` to `~/.xbindkeysrc`.
- restart the `xbindkeys` daemon.
- `CRTL-ALT-V` to send the copy content to a memory buffer using `xsel`, then `CTRL-V` to paste (duh).

## ffc
[clipmenu](https://github.com/cdown/clipmenu) integration with [fzf](https://github.com/junegunn/fzf).
This is intended to execute a command with the cache file generated by clipmenu or with the content of that clip itself.

## down
A system update locker. Change the source to put in your shell and package manager for that to work. Also this is not `script.sd` compliant.

## td
A framework for working with the tmpfs.
### Installation and usage:
- copy the `td` script to a `$PATH` directory
- run `td sync [file] -a [name]` to sync a file or directory as an instance.
- `td wrap [CMD] @[name]` to wrap an instance with a command.
- `td diff @[name]` to diff against an instance.
- `td new @[name]` to diff against the original file (opposite result of `td diff`).
- `td rm @[name]` to remove.
- `td rs @[name]` to restore (overwrite).
- `td kill` to remove everything about `td.lock`.
- `td ls` to list all intances.
- `td status` to see status about the lockfile (`td.lock`)
- See more by running `td -h`.

This script is **not** script.sd compliant. Default tmpfs is `/tmp`

## clock
A dwm shell script for a cool® status bar.

## wm
A tty script for launching window managers with `startx`.

### Usage:
- `j` to go down.
- `k` to go up.
- `l` to select.

Append the [init file template](wm.xinitrc) in your `.xinitrc`.

## i3-clock
Pretty much just [clock](#clock) but **S T R E C H E D** to fill up i3's status bar.

## dmenu scripts
### cmus-dmenu
[dmenu](https://tools.suckless.org/dmenu/) integration with [cmus](https://github.com/cmus/cmus) using `cmus-remote`.

### alsa-dmenu
[dmenu](https://tools.suckless.org/dmenu/) integration with alsa using `amixer`.

### mpc-dmenu
[dmenu](https://tools.suckless.org/dmenu/) integration with mpd using `mpc`.

### maim-dmenu
[dmenu](https://tools.suckless.org/dmenu/) integration with [maim](https://github.com/naelstrof/maim),
placing files at a deafult location for screenshots.

### screenshot
[dmenu](https://tools.suckless.org/dmenu/) integration with [maim](https://github.com/naelstrof/maim),
prompting for file placement.

## Unmaintained scripts -- install at your own risk

### tra.sh
For you Windows®©™ peeps who miss the recycle bin from that ***GOD-FORBIDDEN*** operating system.
#### Installation and usage:
- put `tra.sh` into a `$PATH` directory (/usr/local/bin, for example).
- run `tra.sh init` or `tra.sh init [dir]` to instanciate a `tra.sh` directory.
- `tra.sh send [file]` or `tra.sh s [file]` to send, add the `-a` flag to pass an alias, as in:
```sh
tra.sh send file -a trash
# so that you can do
tra.sh rm \; -a trash
# and not have to remeber the full name of the file
```
- `tra.sh remove [file]` or `trash rm [file]` to remove.
- `tra.sh list` or `tra.sh ls` to list.
- `tra.sh restore [file]` ot `tra.sh rs [file]` to restore; also supports the `-a` flag.
- `tra.sh update` or `tra.sh up` to delete files **older** than a month (that can be changed by changing the `MAXTIME_DAYS` variable. This script is **NOT** script.sd compliant (yet)).
- `tra.sh clean` or `tra.sh c` to clean **all** files.

### unit
"Unit test" with a shell script. Change `TESTS` to get proper testing and use `unit-template` as your unit.
This is **not** script.sd compliant (yet).

Commit message:

(add) youtube-json.sh .add: awk dependencies .update(README.md)

README.md, after:

# Side projects
Just lil' pointless things, mostly scripts that are too useless to be on [script.sd](https://github.com/matthmr/script.sd) (check it out, by the way).

## ffl
[unit](#unit) integration with [fzf](https://github.com/junegunn/fzf).

## orx
[clipmenu](https://github.com/cdown/clipmenu) integration with [xbindkeys](git://git.savannah.nongnu.org/xbindkeys.git/).
This was created because [X11](https://x.org/wiki) clears the clipboard when a window closes. This is **extremely** frustating (although being the intended behaviour) for tiling window manager users such as myself.
### Installation and usage:
- put `orx` into a `$PATH` directory (/usr/local/bin, for example).
- copy the contents of `orx.xbindkeysrc` to `~/.xbindkeysrc`.
- restart the `xbindkeys` daemon.
- `CRTL-ALT-V` to send the copy content to a memory buffer using `xsel`, then `CTRL-V` to paste (duh).

## ffc
[clipmenu](https://github.com/cdown/clipmenu) integration with [fzf](https://github.com/junegunn/fzf).
This is intended to execute a command with the cache file generated by clipmenu or with the content of that clip itself.

## down
A system update locker. Change the source to put in your shell and package manager for that to work. Also this is not `script.sd` compliant.

## td
A framework for working with the tmpfs.
### Installation and usage:
- copy the `td` script to a `$PATH` directory
- run `td sync [file] -a [name]` to sync a file or directory as an instance.
- `td wrap [CMD] @[name]` to wrap an instance with a command.
- `td diff @[name]` to diff against an instance.
- `td new @[name]` to diff against the original file (opposite result of `td diff`).
- `td rm @[name]` to remove.
- `td rs @[name]` to restore (overwrite).
- `td kill` to remove everything about `td.lock`.
- `td ls` to list all intances.
- `td status` to see status about the lockfile (`td.lock`)
- See more by running `td -h`.

This script is **not** script.sd compliant. Default tmpfs is `/tmp`

## clock
A dwm shell script for a cool® status bar.

## wm
A tty script for launching window managers with `startx`.

### Usage:
- `j` to go down.
- `k` to go up.
- `l` to select.

Append the [init file template](wm.xinitrc) in your `.xinitrc`.

## i3-clock
Pretty much just [clock](#clock) but **S T R E C H E D** to fill up i3's status bar.

## youtube-json.sh
[YouTube](https://www.youtube.com) `ytInitialData` JSON parser for queries using [jq](https://github.com/stedolan/jq).

### Installation and usage:
- change the `AWK_BASE` variable at the top of the file
to the location of wherever you want to put the `awk` files.
- run `youtube-json.sh <query>` to get a parsed result for your query.
intermediary files are stored at `/tmp/youtube/<query>`
- run `youtube-json.sh -c <query>` to clear the intermediary files, or
`youtube-json.sh -c` to clear all files.
- run `youtube-json.sh -s <query>` to generate a small static HTML webpage
with your results.
	+ if you already have a static webpage, running `youtube-json.sh` with the same
query will generate a `_query.txt` file from your original query.

### Notes:
- if you already have a query, running `youtube-json.sh` with that query will
**not** re-query it.

## dmenu scripts
### cmus-dmenu
[dmenu](https://tools.suckless.org/dmenu/) integration with [cmus](https://github.com/cmus/cmus) using `cmus-remote`.

### alsa-dmenu
[dmenu](https://tools.suckless.org/dmenu/) integration with alsa using `amixer`.

### mpc-dmenu
[dmenu](https://tools.suckless.org/dmenu/) integration with mpd using `mpc`.

### maim-dmenu
[dmenu](https://tools.suckless.org/dmenu/) integration with [maim](https://github.com/naelstrof/maim),
placing files at a deafult location for screenshots.

### screenshot
[dmenu](https://tools.suckless.org/dmenu/) integration with [maim](https://github.com/naelstrof/maim),
prompting for file placement.

## Unmaintained scripts -- install at your own risk

### tra.sh
For you Windows®©™ peeps who miss the recycle bin from that ***GOD-FORBIDDEN*** operating system.
#### Installation and usage:
- put `tra.sh` into a `$PATH` directory (/usr/local/bin, for example).
- run `tra.sh init` or `tra.sh init [dir]` to instanciate a `tra.sh` directory.
- `tra.sh send [file]` or `tra.sh s [file]` to send, add the `-a` flag to pass an alias, as in:
```sh
tra.sh send file -a trash
# so that you can do
tra.sh rm \; -a trash
# and not have to remeber the full name of the file
```
- `tra.sh remove [file]` or `trash rm [file]` to remove.
- `tra.sh list` or `tra.sh ls` to list.
- `tra.sh restore [file]` ot `tra.sh rs [file]` to restore; also supports the `-a` flag.
- `tra.sh update` or `tra.sh up` to delete files **older** than a month (that can be changed by changing the `MAXTIME_DAYS` variable. This script is **NOT** script.sd compliant (yet)).
- `tra.sh clean` or `tra.sh c` to clean **all** files.

### unit
"Unit test" with a shell script. Change `TESTS` to get proper testing and use `unit-template` as your unit.
This is **not** script.sd compliant (yet).
